docs: update Versioning doc (#31248)
electron/electron: docs/tutorial/electron-versioning.md

> A detailed look at our versioning policy and implementation.

As of version 2.0.0, Electron follows the [SemVer](#semver) spec. The following command will install the most recent stable build of Electron:

```sh npm2yarn
npm install --save-dev electron
```

To update an existing project to use the latest stable version:

```sh npm2yarn
npm install --save-dev electron@latest
```

## Versioning scheme

> There are several major changes from our 1.x strategy outlined below. Each change is intended to satisfy the needs and priorities of developers/maintainers and app developers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following principles are intended to satisfy the needs and priorities of developers/maintainers and app developers.
```
